Rephrasing the Operator Support (#948)
minio/docs: source/operations/install-deploy-manage/deploy-minio-tenant.rst

   :class: no-scaled-link
   :alt: MinIO Operator Console

> While MinIO Operator can supports Single-Node or Single-Drive configuration, MinIO cannot guarantee technical support for deployments using that configuration.
> MinIO only supports deployments following our production-ready guidelines where the Distributed MinIO Topology is preferred.
> 
> You can use basic Kubernetes YAML resource definitions to deploy Single-Node Single-Drive and Single-Node Multi-Drive topologies for local testing and evaluation as necessary.

Reviewer: Spitballing based on this starting point

```suggestion

The MinIO Operator Console is designed with deploying multi-node distributed MinIO Deployments.

Deploying Single-Node topologies requires additional configurations not covered in this documentation.
You can alternatively use a simple Kubernetes YAML object to describe a Single-Node topology for local testing and evaluation as necessary.

MinIO does not recommend nor support single-node deployment topologies for production environments.
```

How is that?

Author: I love it
